a collection of skills we use every day that are necessary for our full intellectual and personal development;Critical Thinking;Thank;You;Very;Much;Critical Thinking
the study of the methods and principles used to distinguish correct or good arguments from poor arguments;Define Logic;Thank;You;Very;Much;Define Logic
the application of the rules of logic as well as gathering evidence, evaluating it, and coming up with a plan of action;Critical Thinking involves....;Thank;You;Very;Much;Critical Thinking involves....
C.T. is not simply a matter of asserting our opinions on issues.;Critical Thinking is not...;Thank;You;Very;Much;Critical Thinking is not...
a belief based solely on personal feelings rather than on reason or facts.;Define Opinion;Thank;You;Very;Much;Define Opinion
There are right and wrong answers. Authorities know the right answers. those who don't are frauds. If I work hard and learn everything they say, I too will know the right answers.;Stage 1: DUALISM;Thank;You;Very;Much;Stage 1: DUALISM
When the authorities don't have the right answers, everyone has a right to his or her own opinion. there are no right or wrong answers. In some cases, authorities don't give me the right answers. instead they want me to think about things in a certain way and support;Stage 2: RELATIVISM;Thank;You;Very;Much;Stage 2: RELATIVISM
I should not just blindly follow or oppose authority. I need to orient myself in an uncertain world and make a decision or commitment to a position that is based on evidence and well-reasoned arguments.;Stage 3: Commitment;Thank;You;Very;Much;Stage 3: Commitment
Fideism-the belief that the divine is revealed through faith and does not require reason.;2nd approach to faith and reasoning;Thank;You;Very;Much;2nd approach to faith and reasoning
Rationalism- The belief that religion should be consistent with reason and evidence.;2nd approach to faith and reasoning;Thank;You;Very;Much;2nd approach to faith and reasoning
Critical rationalism- belief that faith is based on direct revelation of God and that there should be no logical inconsistencies between revelation and reason.;3rd approach to faith and reasoning;Thank;You;Very;Much;3rd approach to faith and reasoning
empathy, moral indignation or outrage, love ,happiness, guilt. Emotion can motivate us to correct past mistakes.;Emotional positive effects on CT;Thank;You;Very;Much;Emotional positive effects on CT
Anger and fear;Emotional Negative effects on CT;Thank;You;Very;Much;Emotional Negative effects on CT
more flexible and open to others' perspectives and is motivated to use critical analysis, important skills in formulating a satisfactory logical argument regarding a plan of action;An empathetic person is...;Thank;You;Very;Much;An empathetic person is...
problems and to other people's perspectives.;Emotion alerts us to...;Thank;You;Very;Much;Emotion alerts us to...